bpo-44558: Match countOf `is`/`==` treatment to c (#27007)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Documentation/2021-07-03-18-25-17.bpo-44558.0pTknl.rst

> Match the docstring and python implementation of :func:countOf to the behaviour

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Match the docstring and python implementation of :func:`~operator.countOf` to the behavior

```

Author: ~~Thank you for looking at this! Since you have made https://github.com/python/cpython/pull/27012, I will close this pull request.~~
doing this

Match the docstring and python implementation of :func:`~operator.countOf` to the behavior

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
